---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Blog post
date: '2018-05-21T15:36:58-06:00'
description: Oy gevalt
tags:
  - morbo; futurama; filler ipsum
---
 And until then, I can never die?



Nay, I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar. So I really am important? How I feel when I'm drunk is correct? Oh, but you can. But you may have to metaphorically make a deal with the devil. And by "devil", I mean Robot Devil. And by "metaphorically", I mean get your coat.



Throw her in the brig. Spare me your space age technobabble, Attila the Hun! That's a popular name today. \_\_Little "e", big "B"?\_\_ \*Good news, everyone!\* I've taught the toaster to feel love!



\## Ok, we'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go ride the bumper cars.



And I'm his friend Jesus. I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring. Why would I want to know that? Actually, that's still true. That could be 'my' beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing.



1. Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose.

2. Actually, that's still true.

3. Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages!



\### All I want is to be a monkey of moderate intelligence who wears a suit… that's why I'm transferring to business school!



You don't know how to do any of those. I'm a thing. Also Zoidberg. Is the Space Pope reptilian!? Oh Leela! You're the only person I could turn to; you're the only person who ever loved me.



\* I could if you hadn't turned on the light and shut off my stereo.

\* We can't compete with Mom! Her company is big and evil! Ours is small and neutral!

\* You are the last hope of the universe.



Tell her she looks thin. Bite my shiny metal ass. Can we have Bender Burgers again? This is the worst kind of discrimination: the kind against me! These old Doomsday Devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are.



For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. Okay, I like a challenge. I meant 'physically'. Look, perhaps you could let me work for a little food? I could clean the floors or paint a fence, or service you sexually?



You're going to do his laundry? What's with you kids? Every other day it's food, food, food. Alright, I'll get you some stupid food. How much did you make me? And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I, too, hope one day to go. The toilet.



Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle. Soon enough. Large bet on myself in round one.
